Hey, good morning family.
How are y'all doing today?
I'm going to do a video on some things that are on my heart that I've been praying over.
We are really close to the Fourth of July weekend, basically next weekend, and I am interceding for protection for your families and for where you're at, watching your surroundings.
The Lord just had it on my heart again to pray that there are no terrorist activities during this timeframe.
Like I said, it was heavy on me last night, and I was interceding for the nation and for people's safety in general at public gatherings and things like that.
I made a video a while back about praying for your children when they go back to school and making a bloodline of protection for them so that no calamity would come nigh them when they go to school or wherever.
I'm going to play that video again here in a couple of seconds if you want to watch it.
I'm not used to filming in the car, but making a public hedge of protection over your churches and praying over places that you're going...
this is a very serious time, a time that we need to be very vigilant and watchful of where we are at all times.
If the Lord speaks to you, a lot of times people say, 'Well, I don't hear the voice of the Lord.
' This is where I would go: if you don't have peace, then don't go.
If you feel tormented or bothered, the Lord is not a God of torment, but he is a God of warning, and he warns us in our spirits.
He would say, 'I don't want you to go to that place,' and you have to listen.
You have to be sensitive to the Spirit of God every single day regarding where you're supposed to be—the grocery store, the gas station, whatever.
He may say, 'Don't go down that street right there that you're fixing to go down; go down the next one.
' You might not understand why, but just follow the voice and leading of the Spirit of God inside of you at all times.
It may not make sense to you; it doesn't have to.
A lot of times when I'm listening to the Lord, it's just blind obedience: 'Yes, Lord, I will do what you've asked me to do.
' That's where we have to be in these last days, just trusting confidently in the finished work of the Lord and knowing that he's going to protect us.
He said that he would send his angels to bear us up lest we dash our foot against a stone.
We claim Psalm 91 and Psalm 23, and we believe by faith that no weapon formed against you or your family would prosper.
That's where I go every single day.
I plead the blood of Jesus for protection and I say, 'Lord, I thank you that you said in your word that you would protect my wife, my children, and my loved ones, that you have a hedge of protection around and about us, that your angels keep charge over us and they will bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
' Now, I believe I receive your divine protection over me, my wife, and my kids today.
I thank you, Lord, that I will hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
I will not be tormented by a demonic spirit; I will not be tormented by forebodings because sometimes a spirit of forebodings comes because we hear so much in the news or on social media, and all of a sudden you will start to meditate on the wrong thing.
Because you're thinking on the wrong thing, you'll start feeling something inside; what you feel is your spirit, but a lot of times it's just flesh—it's just fear.
We have to decipher between the Spirit of God leading us versus our flesh being in fear.
That is growing in maturity as a believer.
I believe a lot of times the Lord will lead you in peace that passes all understanding.
It's an inward knowing: 'I do not need to go there; I need to go to this other store.
' I feel like it's important in these days to really emphasize the importance of listening to the voice of the Lord and being at the right place at the right time.
I say that all the time: I'm always in the right place at the right time.
I will hear my Father's voice and I will not hear a stranger's voice.
Father, I thank you that you are our God, and as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
That's where you have to be with that bulldog faith.
I'm praying for protection for the Fourth of July and for Donald, that he would be sheltered and protected, that no calamity comes nigh him.
I pray that the enemy's plans would not bear any fruit; they will not bear fruit in what they have planned to try to take his life.
He will always be protected and fulfill what God has called him to do.
We will have godly leadership back in our nation—people that will lead and take the United States to where it needs to be in these end times.
I want to encourage you all today: don't give up on what you're believing for.
Believe God for the impossible.
Believe for supernatural increase in your life.
My wife and I pray for peace over your homes and marriages and for supernatural increase in your finances.
We believe in the power of sowing and reaping.
We believe that God is not mocked; whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.
When you sow in good soil, you'll reap back thirty, sixty, and a hundredfold.
We were tithers, but we used to be 'tippers'—giving sporadically.
We saw some increase, but we never saw real increase until we started tithing on a regular basis.
We started working for a church where it was required by being on staff.
If the pastor there hadn't forced us, we never would have been where the Lord has taken us now.
Believing for creative ideas to get wealth and believing that God, in Malachi, rebukes the devourer for our sake—that was sown deep inside of us.
We worked there for 13 years, so for 13 years we tithed regularly, and it changed our lives.
If I didn't learn anything else there, I learned to tithe.
When you give God that ten percent, and that offering above it, I've learned that it is a supernatural covenant.
It's a transfer of saying, 'God, I trust you with my finances and my life.
' I want his perfect will for me and my family.
I've rambled on enough, but I wanted to tell you all to be watchful of your surroundings and listen to him, praying a hedge of protection over you and your children.
I'm going to take you now to this other video where you'll see me driving around, showing how I would pray over schools and churches.
It's an older video, but the message is still powerful.
God bless you all.
Hey, good morning everybody.
I'm going to take you to a school.
The Lord spoke to me and told me to tell you all to pray for your kids.
We're coming into a very dark season, and while there's going to be light and revival, you can either focus on the darkness or the light.
If I were putting my kids in public school, this is what I would do.
I homeschool our children; they do BJU, which is an amazing Christian homeschool program.
We're going to film the school now.
If my little boy or girl were going to school, I would drive around the school and say, 'Father, I just cover this school in the blood of Jesus.
I thank you that no weapon formed against this school will prosper.
' I'm going to drive around the block where the school is.
Father, we cover the school and the teachers in the blood.
If there are any plots or any kind of witchcraft trying to come against them, we bind the demonic maneuvering of the spirits that would try to hurt my children.
I plead the blood of Jesus over them right now.
I would sit in the parking lot and say, 'I send my angels out from the north, south, east, and west over this school, and I thank you, Lord, that your angels are protecting them.
' I thank you that they are the salt and the light in this school, and that they excel above every other student.
I thank you that my child has A's and is on the A-B honor roll.
I pray over their minds that they would excel and have more knowledge.
I thank you, Lord, for the anointing on them to prosper.
I put a bloodline around this school and thank you for the teachers.
I thank you that you put my child in a good classroom where they're not being taught ungodly things.
I would go at least once a week and pray over my child.
If you can walk around the school, do a Jericho march and cover that child and the school in the blood.
No weapon formed against them shall prosper; every tongue that rises against them would be condemned.
You can take authority over the school where your child is and pray a hedge of blood around it.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers.
You need to cover your child in the blood so they find godly friends.
My pastor always said, 'I'll be able to see where you go in your future by who you hang around.
' If you're hanging around a five-by-five, you need to hang around a ten-by-ten.
Sometimes we have to make our circle smaller and leave behind some of the people that have been influencing us.
I hang out with my wife, my kids, and the Holy Ghost.
If you have a daughter in junior high or a son in high school, go and start covering the school.
Claim the school for Jesus.
You don't have to let the devil ramrod things down your throat.
Anoint your children with oil before they go to school and read Psalm 91 over them.
Teach your children their authority and who they are in Christ—that they have power and dominion over the devil.
Put the bloodline on their forehead.
When flu season starts, we take our 'spiritual flu shots' through the bloodline and communion.
No sickness or disease comes nigh you.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our home.
There's a man that's very wealthy, a billionaire, in this town who knows about what's coming.
He has his own private jet and flies in and out.
He has started buying up all the major places to get them ready for the end times because the Lord told him people were coming to this town for the revival.
He's bought a lot of buildings in this town, including an old boys' home that he renovated for the outpouring.
It's full of antiques, and it's actually really cool.
God is good.
Thank you for subscribing to my YouTube channel.
Jesus Christ is coming, and you can walk in authority and power.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and I love you.
Bye-bye.